Enterprise
 
Login
 
START FREE

Trusted By 100,000+ Businesses Worldwide

Powerful eCommerce Shipping Software To   Save On Label Rates

Instantly compare couriers to find the best shipping rates. Buy and print discounted labels. Simplify tracking and automation. Add calculated rates, tax and duties at checkout.

Start Your Free Trial
 
Connect\

Risk-Free:
 Start with our free plan—no credit card required

Instant Savings:
 Get an immediate ROI with discounted rates

Quick Setup:
 Connect your store and import orders in minutes

100,000+ Brands solved shipping with Easyship

Check Your Rates & Save On Shipping In Minutes

Spending too much on shipping? Sign up and start saving immediately. Use our free plan until your business outgrows it—or try our professional plans free for 14 days to benefit from even more features.

Up to 91% off labels

Instantly save up to 91% off labels with discounted rates on the world's top couriers.

Discounted Rates\

Compare 550+ carriers

Automatically compare 550+ courier services to find the cheapest label every time.

Courier Comparison\

Ship 5X faster

One-click label printing and smart shipping automation to save hours daily.

Shipping Rules\

Start in 3 minutes

Securely connect your store, sync orders and print labels in as little as 3-5 minutes.

How Easyship Works\

Up to 91% Off Rates with Exclusive Shipping Discounts

Easyship rates are the 
cheapest way to ship
 worldwide. We deliver discounts for everyone, with no hidden fees, charges or minimum spend. See how you can 
save up to 91% on the world's top couriers
, including USPS, UPS, FedEx and 550+ more domestic and international services.

Unlock Global Growth with International Shipping

Make selling worldwide as easy as domestic with automatic 
import tax, duty and tariff calculation
, smoother customs clearance, and the 
cheapest international shipping rates
. With Easyship, you can boost revenue, reduce shipping expenses, and significantly increase your profitability.

Improve Your eCommerce Store, No Coding Necessary

Easily connect your 
eCommerce store or marketplace
 and start shipping in minutes with more than 60+ native integrations. Increase conversion rates with 
real-time rates at checkout
 to showcase the best courier options for each address, including delivery times and fully landed costs.

Get Your Time Back with Shipping Automation

One tool to manage and 
automate all your shipping
 needs. Compare shipping quotes, generate labels, schedule pickups, and monitor finances through our intuitive cloud-based shipping dashboard. Explore our 
smart shipping software
.

A Global Network of 3PL and Fulfillment Warehouses

Improving transit times, reducing tariff exposure, and lowering shipping costs has never been easier than with our global 
network of 3PL fulfillment centres
. Our expert shipping consultants will 
tailor a fulfillment strategy
 perfect for your business—meaning you can invest in growth.

Delight Your Customers with Branded Experiences

Exceed all expectations with a personalised delivery experience that extends your brand from checkout to delivery. Keep your customers informed with 
branded notification emails
 and 
advertise on shipment tracking
 pages—plus customize packing slips for a personal touch.

Easyship is Built for Your Business Success

With our leading App or API, you can solve almost every shipping use case for your eCommerce business or platform, from discounted rates and courier comparison to workflow automation and tracking.

For eCommerce Stores\
\
Run an online store or small business? Save on shipping costs with Easyship for Small Business.\
\

 
For High-Volume Brands\
\
Scaling fast? Fulfillment growing pains? Simplify shipping and cut costs with Easyship for eCommerce.\
\

 
For Enterprise & Platforms\
\
Custom build? Industry leader? Integrate with our world-class Shipping API for Enterprise.\
\

 
For Crowdfunding Campaigns\
\
Ready to ship your project? Let Easyship Collect take care of everything fulfillment, stress-free.\
\

Join 100,000+ eCommerce Retailers Just Like You

You're in good hands with Easyship. As a top-ranked Shopify Shipping App, we've supported online sellers for over ten years, delivering hundreds of millions of parcels globally.

"We love the simple and easy user interface to quickly ship around 500+ orders daily."

Daniel, Logistics Coordinator (Verified via Capterra)

"Easyship is a great app with excellent customer service. Definitely the best shipping app on Shopify."

Watson's Hair & Body Care (Verified via Shopify)

"Favorite shipping tool! Easyship works really well and is the only reason I can afford to ship to clients living in other countries."

Red, Freelance Artist (Verified via Capterra)

"The best shipping solution ever. I ship about 200 pieces per month and will recommend this solution to everyone."

Saivamsikrishna, eCommerce Owner (Verified via G2)

"It is very easy to setup. We have a lot better visibility on our costs and our customers have more options now we have switched to Easyship."

Nicole, eCommerce Store Owner (Verified via Capterra)

"Very happy with Easyship. Brilliant company to use for anyone shipping international parcels or within the UK."

Audio Chic, eCommerce Store (Verified via Shopify)

"It's great to offer customers different options for their deliveries and show the taxes and duties for international shipments."

Lachlan, eCommerce Founder (Verified via G2)

"Excellent platform. Easyship helped us to achieve great customer satisfaction. Thanks for making shipping easy!"

Hazel, eCommerce Store Owner (Verified via Capterra)

"Loving the use of multi couriers and being able to see all my shipments in one place"

Rene, eCommerce Store Owner (Verified via Shopify)

One Shipping App & API To Save On Every Delivery

We're happy when our customers are happy. Easyship delivers a Shipping ROI that others simply can't.

24/7 Customer Support

We work around the clock to make sure your shipments get to the right place on time with help ready if you need it. 
Visit our Support Center
.

Explore How Easyship Works

Easyship's scale as a leading global shipping software delivers volume discounts for everyone. 
How Easyship Works for eCommerce
.

Become a Shipping Expert

Our extensive resource library has everything you've ever wanted to know about shipping. 
Explore Resource Hub
.

Free Shipping Rate Calculator

Unsure if Easyship is right for you? Take a look at our free calculator to see how easy it is to compare rates. 
Use Shipping Rate Calculator
.

Start Shipping in Minutes. Try for Free.

Risk-Free:
 Start with our free plan—no credit card required

Instant Results:
 Get an immediate ROI—save up to 91%

Low Effort:
 Securely connect your store in only 3 minutes

Start Your Free Trial
 
How Easyship Works