Live WebinarThe Maturity MomentScaling Beyond SpreadsheetsApril 29 
Register Now

×

The Best Shopify Shipping Apps for Efficiency and Throughput

by 
Mikel Richardson
 \| Mar 5, 2025 \| 
Shipping Tips
, 
Blog

Table of contents

Best shipping apps to fulfill Shopify orders faster

Third-party multi-carrier shipping apps for Shopify

Third-party single-carrier shipping apps for Shopify

Shopify Shipping

Best Shopify apps for printing shipping labels

Small business only selling on Shopify

Midsized business with multiple sales channels

International shipping for Shopify

Midsized business with a warehouse

Top Shopify shipping FAQs

Descartes ShipRush Shopify app FAQs

Our commitment to you

Ready to try our Shopify shipping app?

Your 
throughput
 – the number of orders you can fulfill per person per day – and fast shipping can make or break your ecommerce business. “How can I ship orders faster? How can I save money on shipping?” These are the questions we hear over and over again as we speak with growing brands about their ecommerce logistics challenges.

Maybe this is the same problem that brought you here today. If you’ve been a Shopify seller for very long, you already discovered 
over 1,300 shipping label apps
 in the Shopify App Store. With so many options, the question is how to cut through the clutter and find the best Shopify shipping app for 
you
. Let’s look at some best-in-class apps for different business use cases.

Best shipping apps to fulfill Shopify orders faster

The first question is, how are you shipping your orders today, and where are the bottlenecks in your fulfillment process? For example, if you must log into multiple websites to manage your orders and different carrier accounts, you can increase speed and efficiency by using multi-carrier shipping software to manage all orders and shipments in one place.

You have a wide variety of shipping apps available to you on Shopify. From Shopify’s own shipping app to a multitude of third-party multi-carrier shipping apps, dropshipping apps, 3rd-party fulfillment (3PL) connectors, and carrier shipping apps, it can seem overwhelming. Let’s look at the ones you would use in-house and review what each type does best.

Third-party multi-carrier shipping apps for Shopify

Descartes ShipRush

Descartes XPS Ship

EasyShip

Shippo

ShipStation

These third-party apps connect Shopify and all your other sales channels with multiple carriers so you can manage and ship all orders in one place.

Best apps for:

– Shipping from multiple carriers

– Automating shipping workflows

– Accessing a wide variety of shipping services

– Shipping for multiple sales channels, i.e., Amazon, BigCommerce, and Shopify

– Warehouse fulfillment workflows and warehouse management system (WMS) integrations

Third-party single-carrier shipping apps for Shopify

UPS

DHL

These shipping apps integrate Shopify with a single carrier such as to print shipping labels instead of having to go to a retail location or the carrier’s website.

Best apps for:

– Small teams with simple fulfillment operations

– Access to more of one carrier’s special shipping services

– Special carrier features, i.e., end-of-day manifesting

– Businesses that do not require automation or customization

Shopify Shipping

Shopify Shipping is Shopify’s native shipping solution to ship Shopify orders. It is built into the interface and accessible in your admin settings.

Best app for:

– New sellers just getting started

– Low-volume shipping

– Simple order management and label printing

– Solopreneurs and small teams

Best Shopify apps for printing shipping labels

You may be thinking, “I just need something to print shipping labels for my Shopify orders. What’s the best app for that?”

The answer is, “It depends on your business.” Look at the different use cases below and see which one sounds the most like your business. We have listed software options that work best for each type.

Small business only selling on Shopify

Shopify Shipping
 – This is already in your Shopify account and ready to connect to your carrier.

XPS Ship
 – This user-friendly app is free and allows you to easily add more sales channels and carriers as you grow.

Midsized business with multiple sales channels

Descartes ShipRush
 – This robust multi-carrier shipping app integrates with all your sales channels and allows you to automate rate shopping to find the fastest, cheapest shipping.

UPS
 – If you exclusively ship with UPS and already have your own deeply discounted rates, this app is a great way to integrate Shopify and your other sales channels for easier label printing.

International shipping for Shopify

Easyship
 – This reputable multi-carrier shipping app integrates with 250+ carriers around the world for easy international shipping.

Passport
– This shipping app streamlines demand duties paid (DDP) shipping for Shopify merchants.

XPS Ship
 – Fill international shipping document templates, look up harmonized system (HS) codes, and print international labels.

Midsized business with a warehouse

Descartes ShipRush
 – This shipping solution is fully integrated with 
Descartes Peoplevox
 WMS (warehouse management system) to automate shipping processes in the warehouse.

Top Shopify shipping FAQs

1. Does Shopify have built-in shipping features or do I need an app?

Yes, Shopify has a built-in shipping feature called Shopify Shipping that will allow you to print shipping labels for Shopify orders. Using a third-party shipping app is optional. You need a third-party app if you want discounts, features, or integrations that Shopify Shipping cannot provide or you want to ship orders for multiple sales channels.

2. Can I integrate my own carrier (UPS, USPS, FedEx, DHL)?

Yes, you can add your own carrier account to both Shopify Shipping and third-party shipping apps to access your specially negotiated rates alongside discount rates offered by the shipping platform. Some platforms charge fees if you use your own carrier, so be sure to research this when choosing a shipping solution.

3. Can I automate order fulfillment with a shipping app?

Yes, some shipping apps include a business automation feature that will allow you automate order fulfillment processes. For example, the Descartes ShipRush app for Shopify can automatically import new orders, assign tags, input package type and dimensions, select the appropriate shipping service, print a shipping label, and email tracking information to your customer.

4. Which apps help with cross-border shipping compliance?

Third-party shipping apps such as Descartes ShipRush, Descartes XPS, Easyship, and ShipStation help with cross-border shipping compliance for Shopify orders. They help by providing templates for international shipping documents and harmonized systems (HS) code lookup to comply with customs requirements. Some solutions also offer automatic filing of customs documents and calculators for international duties, taxes, and fees.

5. How do I set up custom shipping rules based on product type, weight, or location?

First, to set up custom shipping rules based on product type, weight, or location, choose a shipping app with an IF/THEN-based business rules feature, such as Descartes ShipRush, Descartes XPS Ship, and ShipStation. Then, use the shipping software to create a new rule, entering your product type, weight, or location as the “IF” criteria. Finally, enter the desired outcome, such as “Set Packaging Type to ‘Box’ and Set Package Dimensions to 12x12x12′, as the “THEN” criteria to automate the process.

6. How can I provide customers with real-time tracking updates?

You can provide customers with real-time tracking updates by choosing a shipping app such as Descartes ShipRush, Descartes XPS Ship, or Shippo that integrates with your ecommerce platform. When you ship an order, Shopify is automatically updated with the tracking number and shipment status, and your customers automatically receive tracking information via email.

7. Which apps offer branded tracking pages?

These Shopify apps offer branded tracking pages: Descartes ShipRush, Easyship, Passport, Shippo, ShipStation.

8. Are there free shipping apps for Shopify?

Yes. Free shipping apps for Shopify include Descartes XPS Ship, EasyShip, Pirate Ship, Shippo, and UPS Shipping. All are free to install and have free shipping plans available.

Descartes ShipRush Shopify app FAQs

1. Why choose Descartes ShipRush for Shopify shipping?

Here are several common reasons why small to mid-sized ecommerce businesses choose our shipping app for Shopify and their other sales channels:

– 
Start shipping in minutes
– 
See the easy steps to integrate with Shopify and ship an order

– Manage all orders in one place
 – 
Integrates with all your sales channels
 and automatically updates your orders with tracking

– Cheapest shipping rates
– 
Up to 89% off shipping rates
 for USPS, UPS, and FedEx

– Easily find the fastest, cheapest shipping –
 
Compare multiple carriers’ services and rates

– Save time on shipping –
 
Automate tedious, recurring tasks
 to ship orders faster

– Live support for onboarding and beyond –
 You don’t have to waste time figuring out software

– Fully integrates with our WMS –
 Get seamless 
warehouse management and shipping
 processes for the fastest throughput

– Faster claims processing for lost or damaged orders
– Built-in 
XCover shipping insurance

2. What makes our shipping app stand out from competitors?

Descartes ShipRush offers much more than just a shipping app that can print labels. We really shine in three main areas: automation rules, scalability, and our partner ecosystem.

Powerful Automation Rules

Descartes ShipRush includes shipping automation rules that you can “set and forget” using lights-out automation. Customers frequently tell us they can eliminate or repurpose headcount in their warehouse and avoid having to hire more people by using shipping automation rules instead of manual labor. Here are some 
examples of popular automation rules
 that our customers use to increase efficiency and save money.

A Place to Grow

Descartes
 is a global supply chain and logistics technology company, and we offer scalable technology for every stage of the business lifecycle, from startup to mature enterprise. That means you can easily find what you need to keep growing both now and in the future. We can help you scale 
inventory, order, and warehouse management
, 
transportation management
, 
global trade intelligence
, 
routing/mobile/telematics
, and so much more.

Rich Partner Ecosystem

As a Descartes customer, you get access to our extensive partner ecosystem. From carriers to sales channels, software providers to other customers and industry experts, we can connect you with the right people and resources to help you achieve your business goals. You can rest assured that if we don’t know the answer to one of your questions, we have a partner that does.

3. Is the app compatible with my existing Shopify store and other sales channels?

Yes. We built the Descartes ShipRush Shopify app to easily integrate with your existing Shopify stores ( 
see how the integration works
) and your other sales channels ( 
see all integrations
). If you have questions about integrations for specific programs, please use the live chat button at the bottom right corner of your (desktop) web browser, or 
fill out the form on this page to contact us
.

4. Does ShipRush work with Shopify Plus?

Yes, Descartes ShipRush integrates with Shopify Plus. There is no extra setup process or fee.

5. What do our customers say about shipping Shopify orders with Descartes ShipRush?

 – Geekstands.com

“I have been using ShipRush for a straight 14 years, even before we switched to Shopify 4 years ago. ShipRush is undoubtedly the best choice for automations, channel integration, and pricing, especially when compared to ShipStation. If you’re unsatisfied with your current shipping software, I highly recommend considering taking a good look at ShipRush.

Moreover, ShipRush has seamlessly integrated with Shopify since we made the transition 4 years ago. Everything transfers smoothly without any issues.  Another major advantage of ShipRush is their USA-based customer support. Whenever I call ShipRush, I’m connected to a representative within 30 seconds, without wasting time dealing with bots or overseas agents.”

Read more reviews on the Shopify App Store

6. How secure is the ShipRush app in handling customer data?

Our app complies with Shopify’s requirements for GDPR and app security and the 
Descartes general privacy policy
. In addition, we maintain a high standard of internal and external security using data encryption, authentication and user authorization, a secure development process, and a proactive approach to vulnerabilities.

7. Why choose Descartes ShipRush vs. the ShipStation app for Shopify?

There are several notable ways we can help:

– Displays all carrier rates on a single screen

– Offers free live support and 1:1 onboarding for all customers

– Places no restriction on shipping volumes for paid plans

– Provides discounted FedEx shipping rates

– More than shipping – Descartes has a whole suite of ecommerce-related tools and technology to help you grow

– Discover our warehouse management systems, ERP connectivity, and more

Learn more about ShipRush versus ShipStation

Our commitment to you

We are committed to helping you increase your throughput and ship more orders, faster. We will partner with you to understand your business, overcome obstacles, and effectively use our app to its fullest potential.

Talk to us about your specific shipping problems, like bottlenecks in your fulfillment process, how to handle peak season volumes, and how to automate repetitive tasks. Our team of experts is here to help you.

Talk to Us

Ready to try our Shopify shipping app?

Visit our Shopify app page to learn more about our multi-carrier shipping app for growing businesses. Download the Descartes ShipRush app and try it free today!

Get the App

About the Author

Mikel Richardson
 is a General Manager at Descartes, the global leader in providing on-demand, software-as-a-service solutions focused on improving the productivity, performance and security of logistics-intensive businesses. As GM of the ecommerce division, Mikel helps ecommerce brands grow wherever they are in their journey, whether shipping their first order or scaling internationally.

LinkedIn

Resources

Learn how to become a shipping expert, explore our online help portal, read the latest news and more.

Blog

We keep you in the loop with latest shipping tips, guides and more.

Online Help

Get started with ShipRush, read shipping tips and explore common FAQs.

Ebooks and Whitepapers

Survey data and trends for shipping and ecommerce.

API Documentation

Utilize ShipRush technology and build your own integration.

Success Stories

Get an inside look at how ShipRush helps our customers make their online businesses successful.

ShipRush Partners

Insurance

The friction-free logistics insurance you’ve been waiting for is now available in your ShipRush account.

Barcoding

Descartes ShipRush has partnered with Versatile Mobile Systems, a Barcoding, Inc. Company

Addon options

NetSuite SuiteApp and

Descartes Peoplevox - $50

LTL Addon Pricing

LTL Rating: 3 Carriers
 - $100/mo

(Unlmtd Rates)

LTL Shipping: 5 Carriers
- $150/mo

(50 Tenders/Dispatch; Unlmtd Rates)

LTL Shipping: 10 Carriers
 - $250/mo

(200 Tenders/Dispatch; Unlmtd Rates;)

LTL Shipping-10 carriers

$250/per month

10 carriers (Banyan Included)

200 Tenders/Dispatch (Unlimited Rates)

LTL Shipping-5 carriers

$150/per month

5 carriers (Banyan not available in this tier)

50 Tenders/Dispatch (Unlimited Rates)

LTL Rating-3 carriers

$100/per month

3 carriers (Banyan not available in this tier)

Rate Only (limited to 50 Rates)

Resources

Learn how to become a shipping expert, explore our online help portal, read the latest news and more.

Online Help

Get started with ShipRush, read shipping tips and explore common FAQs.

API Documentation

Utilize ShipRush technology and build your own integration.

Blog

We keep you in the loop with latest shipping tips, guides and more.

Integrations

ShipRush partners with 90+ webstores, WMS, IMS, Accounting, ERP and CRM systems as well as your favorite carriers.

Carriers

FedEx

UPS

USPS

LTL Freight

See All »

Webstores

Shopify

Amazon

eBay

Magento

See All »

Warehouse Management

Peoplevox

Commerce Essentials

See All »

Accounting CRM ERP

NetSuite

QuickBooks

Xero

Features

Elevate your ecommerce shipping with automated workflows, carrier rate discounts, real-time rate shopping and more.

Sales Channels

Connect to 90+ webstores, ERPs, Accounting tools & WMS

Carrier Rates

Get the best available carrier rates in the market

White Label

White label the entire ShipRush interface

Rate Shopping

Compare and select the best shipping rates in real-time

Automation

Boost productivity with automation rules

Branded Experience

Individually customize emails, tracking pages and packing slips

Technology & API

Use our Ecommerce, rating & shipping APIs in your apps